
Wait less, do more.

An attempt to solve a daily issue, and at the same learn more about web development.

Today one of the most of powerful tools that we can use is the data, mainly real time data.
It is crucial to help us to do smart choices,or not so smart as well.

I read about solving problems in many places,and they always advise to solve a problem that you care about it, and you want
to help to solve.

I read in many places that you should try to solve a problem that you care about it, who does like waiting time?


Who likes to spend time waiting in any line? Life is to busy to spend time doing nothing, at least in my opinion.

Based on that, I have an idea to create and website, to help us in our daily choices.

To achieve that there are 3 simples to be follow:

1 - First save a place, in this case Checkz a place as favorite, and give to a place a certain type.
Right now there are 3 choices: Eat, Health and Fun.

2 - When in one of these previous Checked places, update the current waiting time to help us to know.
For instance, If you save a certain restaurant as a favorite, and you are at the restaurant suddenly a long line - long wait time was created
use this site to insert real time data about this place.
If someone has this restaurant as favorite as well, it will update the current wait time for that other user.

Then the most updated waiting time will be available for future users make decisions.

3 - User can share its current location or pick any given location on the map, and choose to navigate to any of type of its previous location.
It will take in consideration the current waiting time in a certain, plus the traffic.

User will be able to ask for navigate for one of previous locations, then the shortest travel time, plus the current shortest
waiting time will be used for a smart decision.







----------------------------------------------------

When user is not logged in, and click on the map. Info related to places saved by other users will display.
